Eli specifications for Fortran.  The contents of this directory are:

Specifications	Directory containing specifications for all Fortran
		processors and documentation.  See the README file in
		that directory for more detail.

F77Tests	A collection of FORTRAN 77 test programs
F90Tests	A collection of FORTRAN 90 test programs

keywords	A processor for generating specifications from sets
		of keywords.  Use this as a tutorial example of an
		Eli specification, or as a tool for creating a set
		of keywords for an extension of Fortran

Odinfile	Commands that build and test several Fortran
		processors

You can request any of the following tests by invoking "eli" with the
name of the test as its argument (e.g. "eli %try77"):

%try77		Build a FORTRAN 77 "lint" program and test it by applying
		it to all of the FORTRAN 77 programs in the test suite.
		The executable version of the processor will be left as
		file Specifications/f77.exe.

%try90f		Build a FORTRAN 90 scanner/parser and test it by applying
		it to all of the fixed-format FORTRAN 90 programs in the
		test suite.  The executable version of the processor will
		be left as file Specifications/f90.exe.

%try90v		Build a FORTRAN 90 scanner/parser and test it by applying
		it to all of the variable-format FORTRAN 90 programs in
		the test suite.  The executable version of the processor
		will be left as file Specifications/f90.exe.

%try90i		Build a FORTRAN 90 scanner/parser and test it by applying
		it to all of the variable-format FORTRAN 90 programs in
		the test suite that have include files.  The executable
		version of the processor will be left as file
		Specifications/f90.exe.

These tests will all produce nothing if they are successful.  If the
generated processor detects errors when attempting to compile any program,
the test will stop at that point.  The test program for which the errors
were reported will be copied to file "input" in this directory, and the
error reports will be written to file "ERR" in this directory.

$Id: README,v 1.2 1998/01/01 00:54:05 waite Exp $
